Title: NASA News
Date: 2022-12-07T13:25:24-05:00
Content: NASA Astronaut to Answer Questions from Students in Oregon Station Preps for Command Change, Conducts Heart and Bone Research NASA Sets Coverage for Agencys SpaceX Crew10 Launch, Docking Crew Works Vein Scans and Muscle Stimulation Prior to Upcoming Departure Policy on the release of information to news and information media Agencywide media accreditation policy Contact information for the newsroom, centers, and interview requests Calendar for upcoming launches and landings Images from programs throughout the agencys history Specific guidelines for use of the agencys brand, merchandise, and media Budgets, plans, and reports News releases from 2015 to the present 2024 News Releases Blogs Newsletters NASA History NASA explores the unknown in air and space, innovates for the benefit of humanity, and inspires the world through discovery.

Title: Space.com: NASA, Space Exploration and Astronomy News
Date: No Date Available
Content: Harry Baker published 7 March 25 A newly unveiled astronaut photo shows a gigantic jet shooting upward from a thunderstorm above Louisiana in November 2024. Josh Dinner published 7 March 25 The SpaceX Dragon capsule that will carry the next crew to the International Space Station has arrived at NASAs Kennedy Space Center ahead of its March 12 launch. Mike Wall last updated 7 March 25 Read the latest news about SpaceXs Crew9 and Crew10 missions to the International Space Station for NASA. Josh Dinner last updated 7 March 25 NASA is now launching its SPHEREx and PUNCH space missions on March 6 at 1009 p.m. ET. Joe Rao published 7 March 25 The pair will be closest to each other at around 8 p.m. ET. Space.com Staff last updated 7 March 25 Space.coms image of the day rounds up the most aweinspiring space photos right here, with a new image everyday. By Andrew Jones published 5 March 25 Varda Space has successfully landed a reentry capsule in Australia, delivering critical data that could advance inspace manufacturing and hypersonic technologies. By Andrew Jones published 23 February 25 NASA has awarded funds to 15 trailblazing concepts for space technology that could help us explore and inhabit the solar system. By Mike Wall last updated 6 March 25 SpaceX plans to launch the eighth test flight of its huge Starship rocket on Thursday March 6, and you can watch the dramatic action live. By Josh Dinner published 6 March 25 Intuitive Machines Athena lander is scheduled to touch down near the moons south pole today March 6. Heres how to watch it live. By Stephanie Pappas published 7 March 25 The discovery that helium and iron can mix at the temperatures and pressures found at the center of Earth could settle a longstanding debate over how our planet formed. By Sharmila Kuthunur published 7 March 25 Higher latitudes on the moon with slopes facing the poles are not only scientifically interesting but also pose less technical challenges for exploration in comparison with regions closer to the poles of the moon. EditorinChief Managing Editor Spaceflight Editor Astronomy Editor Reference Editor Skywatching  Cameras Editor Senior Writer Writer, Content Manager Staff Writer Senior Producer By Stefanie Waldek published 6 March 25 A distant starkilling supernova could have bombarded Earth with radiation strong enough to shift the course of evolution. By Paul Sutter published 21 February 25 Astronomers have discovered that sulfur may be a key to helping us narrow down our search for life on other planets. By Keith Cooper published 21 February 25 The idea that life on Earth arose through a series of improbable hard evolutionary steps may be misjudged, according to a new paper that says our Earth had a big say in matters. By Jamie Carter published 7 March 25 We explore the celestial geometry that explains different kinds of eclipses of the sun and the moon. By Jamie Carter last updated 7 March 25 Find out what you can see in the night sky for tonight, from planets and stars to dazzling meteor showers. By Joe Rao published 6 March 25 From fiery blood moons to ancient legends, discover the surprising science and history behind lunar eclipses. By Jeff Spry published 5 March 25 Check out the new trailer for Jump Ship, the wild coop scifi shooter coming this summer, with a closed beta available right now. By Steve Spaleta published 5 March 25 Rockers Andy Frasco and the U.N. blast off at Irving Plaza. By Julian Dossett published 3 March 25 Meet the Artemis 2 moon mission astronauts and learn about private lunar landers, space telescopes and the dark universe at SXSW 2025. By Jamie Carter published 7 March 25 We explore the celestial geometry that explains different kinds of eclipses of the sun and the moon. By Tariq Malik, Daisy Dobrijevic last updated 7 March 25 Reference See what moon phase it is tonight and find out when you can see the rest of the moon phases for 2025. By Space.com last updated 5 March 25 Reference Keep up with all the rocket launches, astronomical events and mission milestones for 2025 with our space calendar. Space is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.  Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.

Title: European Space Agency
Date: No Date Available
Content: Discover our week through the lens Discover our missions past, present and future. Explore the full range of ESAs activities through a set of thematic journeys This is ESA is an illustrated guide to what ESA is and what we do. Now available in all Member State languages. Check out all our active blogs  although update frequency can vary. Discover the ESA brand, with guidelines and downloadable assets, such as logos. Plus explore ESA brand licensing, cobranding and merchandising. Work with a highly dedicated team, committed to ensuring that Europe continues to remain at the forefront of the space industry. ESA procurements aim to accomplish ESA space missions and to support the competitiveness of the European space industry. Submit your ideas and change the future of space research, technology and applications. Creating links between new businesses and ESA

