Title: Y Combinator
Date: No Date Available
Content: This summer, YC will be giving grants to college students to work on their own technical projects. Were calling these the Summer Fellows Grants. We hope this will encourage the smartest students to indulge their intellectual curiosity and work on hard technical things. Read More Join us at AI Startup School  June 1617 Were gathering 2,000 of the top CS undergrads, masters, and PhD candidates in AI to hear from speakers including Elon Musk, Satya Nadella, Sam Altman, Andrej Karpathy, Andrew Ng, and many more  the worlds top AI experts and founders who will teach you how to build the future. YC NewsYC Events Garry Tan Announcing the YC Spring 2025 batch Y Combinator is now running four batches per year Winter, Spring, Summer, and Fall. We completed the first ever fall batch last year, F24, and are proud to announce the first ever spring batch. Applications are now open. YC NewsStartupsAdmissions Dalton Caldwell YC Winter 2025 batch applications due by Tuesday, November 12, 2024 To better serve founders given the rapid rate of technological change, YC recently switched from two to four batches per year. The winter 2025 batch will run from January to March, and applications are due on November 12. AdmissionsYC News Jared Friedman Correcting the record for Continue and PearAI by Garry Tan1042024 YC is at our best when backing founders with an ethos of building for others, including strong open source developers like the founders of Continue and many others. Join us at Startup School Europe in London  November 23 by Y Combinator1032024 Applications for Startup School Europe are now open! YC Fall 2024 batch applications due by 827 by Dalton Caldwell862024 In response to overwhelming demand, we are running a YC batch this fall. Applications are now open. Join us at Startup School 2024 in San Francisco  July 27 by Y Combinator782024 Applications for Startup School 2024 are now open! Female Founders Conference applications are open now by Surbhi Sarna, Diana Hu6182024 Were bringing the Female Founders Conference back inperson, and well be hosting it on August 2 at our office in the Dogpatch in San Francisco. Dissecting the past to predict the future Tracy Young on building TigerEye by Greg Kumparak6122024 In 2018, Tracy Young and her cofounders sold PlanGrid for 875 million. By 2021, she was ready to jump back in and do it all over again with a brand new startup. I chatted with Tracy about what drives her and some of what shes learned along the way. Showing 1 to 10 of 2664 total posts Categories  2025 Y Combinator

Title: Entrepreneur - Start, run and grow your business.
Date: No Date Available
Content: Copyright  2024 Entrepreneur Media, LLC All rights reserved. Entrepreneur and its related marks are registered trademarks of Entrepreneur Media LLC Heres how to navigate the flaws in buying and selling online businesses, from outdated marketplace trends to the rise of acquisitionfocused builders. Eliminate formatting headaches, merge files effortlessly, and edit documents in seconds. In 2025, entrepreneurs can use technology to overcome any resource gap they have compared to the competition. Become a featured writer on Entrepreneur by applying to join Entrepreneur Leadership Network  At Nomad Krav Maga, Shane Langwell teaches more than selfdefense by helping students strengthen their confidence, resilience and a sense of community that extends beyond the gym. How Yelps trend expert helps small businesses thrive by leveraging Yelp Trend Tracker insights, fostering communityfocused engagement and embracing datadriven strategies to stay ahead of evolving consumer preferences. Learn how Shawn Walchef built a thriving BBQ and media business through authentic storytelling, digital vulnerability and a bold approach to content creation that inspires entrepreneurs to embrace imperfection via online connection. Explore the 2025 Franchise 500 List Entrepreneurs 46th annual Franchise 500 ranking shines a light on the unique challenges and changes that have shaped the franchise industry over the last year  and how franchisors have adapted and evolved to meet them. Mexican Food  611K  4M Submarine Sandwiches  204K  1.3M Coffee  436K  1.8M Chicken  471K  3.9M Miscellaneous Retail Businesses  602K  2M Ben Goodwin is the CEO of OLIPOP, one of the fastestgrowing beverage companies in all of U.S. history. In this episode of The CEO Series, he discusses why he started the business, the challenges of the beverage industry and why he thinks the company has been so successful. Christy Reuter discusses her deep passion for hospitality, the crucial role of lawyers in the industry and why she genuinely loves her clients. Daniel Holzman discusses the importance of authenticity, better workplace culture and not letting ego get in the way of financial success. Dan Streetman, the CEO of Tanium, a leading cybersecurity company located in the San Francisco Bay Area, on how being an Army Ranger has prepared him to be a CEO, what leadership means to him and how his company works to deliver the power of certainty for the organizations it serves. EntrepreneurTV offers original shows ranging from highstakes investment, documentaries, behindthescenes looks at major brands, tips for starting your company and much more. 24hrs a day, 7 days a week. Join awardwinning entrepreneur and bestselling author Kim Perell on 311 for an exclusive International Womens Month webinar! Learn how to avoid the three biggest mistakes entrepreneurs make so you can build a thriving business. Register now! Join us on 318 to discover how you can leverage your expertise to grow your brand, attract highvalue clients, and position yourself as The Authority in your field. Register now! Comedian Eric Wareheim learns what it takes to run a restaurant  not just how food is made, but how profits are made. Make sure you get a good nights rest with help from a comfort snorestopping mouthpiece, now 45.95 Create a website quickly and efficiently even with no tech experience. Get essential Microsoft Office programs with redesigned tools for easily customized functions and aesthetics. Entrepreneur Magazine Heres how we determined the companies in our annual Franchise 500 ranking, and what we learned from the data. These gadgets show you in your best light, while taking notes. I was jolted awake, and it set my company on a different path. Too often, business leaders discount the importance of our physical senses. Login Successful. Well be in your inbox every morning MondaySaturday with all the days top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur. Copyright  2025 Entrepreneur Media, LLC All rights reserved. Entrepreneur and its related marks are registered trademarks of Entrepreneur Media LLC

Error scraping https://www.inc.com: 403 Client Error: Forbidden for url: https://www.inc.com/

